at Culver University in Virginia general
Thunderbolt Ross meets with dr. Bruce
Banner the colleague and boyfriend of
his daughter Betty regarding an
experiment that Ross claims is meant to
make humans immune to gamma radiation
the experiment part of a world war ii
era super soldier program that Ross
helps to recreate fails and the exposure
to gamma radiation causes banner to
transform into the Hulk for brief
periods of time whenever his heart rate
rises above 200 the Hulk destroys the
lab injures or kills the people inside
banner becomes a fugitive from the US
military and Ross in particular who
wants to weaponize the Hulk process five
years later Banner works at a bottling
Factory in Rosina Rio de Janeiro in
Brazil while searching for a cure first
condition on the internet he
collaborates with the colleague he knows
only as mr. blue and to whom he is mr.
green
he is also learning meditative breathing
techniques to help him keep control and
has not transformed in five months after
banner cuts his finger a drop of his
blood falls into a bottle and is
eventually ingested by an elderly
consumer in Milwaukee Wisconsin giving
him gamma sickness using the bottle to
track down Banner Ross sends a SWAT team
led by Russian born British Royal Marine
Emil Blonsky to capture him banner
transforms as the Hulk and defeats
blonsky's team after Ross explains how
banner became the Hulk
Blonsky agrees to be injected with a
small amount of a similar serum which
gives him enhanced speed strength
agility and healing but also begins to
deform the skeleton and impaired his
judgment Banner returns to Culver
University and reunites with Betty who
was dating psychiatrist Leonard Samson
Banner is attacked by Ross and blonsky's
forces tipped off by the suspicious
Samson causing him to again transform
into the Hulk the ensuing battle outside
the university proves to be futile for
Ross's forces and they eventually
retreat though Blonsky who sanity has
started to falter boldly attacks and
mocks the Hulk the Hulk seemingly kills
Blonsky and flees with Betty after the
Hulk reverts to banner he and Betty go
on the run and banner contacts mr. blue
who urges them to meet him in New York
City mr. blue is actually cellular
biologist dr. Samuel Sterns who tells
banner he had developed a possible
antidote to banish condition after a
successful test he warns Banner that the
antidote may only reverse each
individual
information stern's reveals he has
synthesized banners blood samples which
banner sent from Brazil into a large
supply with the intention of applying
his limitless potential to medicine
fearful of the Hulk's power falling into
the military's hands banner wishes to
destroy the blood supply meanwhile Blanc
is revealed to have survived the battle
is completely healed
he joins Ross's forces for a third
attempt to take banner into custody they
succeed in banner along with Betty are
taken away in a helicopter velocity
stays behind in forces Stearns to inject
him with banners blood as he covets the
Hulk's power Stern's warns of the
combination of the super-soldier formula
and banners blood may cause him to
become an abomination
Blonsky insists the experiment mutates
Blonsky into a creature with size and
strength surpassing that of the Hulk but
drives him mad he attacks Stern's who
gets some of banners blood in the cut on
his forehead causing him to begin
mutating as well Blonsky then rampages
through harlem realizing that the hulk
is the only one who can stop Blanc's
banner convinces ross to release him he
jumps from Ross's helicopter and
transforms after hitting the ground
[Music]
after a long and brutal battle through
Harlem the Hulk defeats Blonsky after
having a small peaceful moment with
Betty The Hulk flees from New York
a month later banner is in Bella Coola
British Columbia instead of trying to
suppress his transformation he
successfully transforms in a controlled
manner in a final scene Tony Stark
approaches Ross at a local bar and
informs him a team the Avengers is being
put together for photoshoot we were
putting a team together who's we
[Music]
you